Many people should have been swiped by a name recently
Seedance 2.0
Exactly.
Here it is.
Just enter a few lines of text
You can directly generate the full video.
Even the mirror movement and rhythm can be completed automatically
This almost violent productivity
To be honest, it was a bit shocking after reading it.
And what many people may not know is
Just over a week before Seedance 2.0 was released
Kerin actually quietly launched his own new model
Kerin 3.0
And it got even more interesting.
These two models are aiming at the exact same track.
They all want to make a real AI video creation engine
So here's the problem.
Should I choose Seedance2.0 or Keling 3.0?
Therefore, this video
Let's do the most direct measured comparison
Take a look at these two most popular AI video models currently
Who is stronger
Click to subscribe to the collection like
We'll leave right away
This time I used LitVideo as a platform.
It also integrates Keling 3.0.
And Seedance 2.0
And it's a multi-model platform.
The generation speed is also faster
Overall, it is more in line with my workflow.
Next we go into the picture to video
In the upper left corner.
Here you can directly select the model you want to use
Basically, the latest and most advanced models from various companies.
It's all integrated here.
So it's pretty easy to use.
No need to switch back and forth between different websites
Let's choose Seedance2.0 first.
Here I'm going directly to the full model.
The resulting video will be more detailed.
The picture quality will also be higher.
Here are two models.
Let's go to all-round mode first
Then upload a reference picture.
Cue words can be written like this
70's retro-style couple dance clips
We will choose 15 seconds for the duration.
Then click Start Create.
But here's a little trick.
During the time it was generated
Actually don't wait
We can switch directly to Kerin 3.0.
Throw in the same picture just now.
Same cue word
Same 15 seconds
And they started generating together.
Does the efficiency come up at once?
It can be seen that
Ke Ling's mirror movement logic is still relatively simple
But most of the shots generated
It's still a mid-range follow-up.
In comparison, Seedance's mirror movement is much richer
Zhong Jingxian explained the location of the two characters
Panoramic follow-up display environment
Focusing on the intoxicated expression interaction between the two
Finally, pull the lens to enhance the overall atmosphere
Elegant ending
I also found out during the actual measurement.
LitVideo actually has some optimizations for Seedance 2.0
Now the generation speed is obviously a lot faster
The picture quality is also higher and more stable.
And when measured on the official website
The generation time is like this
The second test is a bit tougher
I stopped storytelling.
Just give a paragraph describing the plot
Look at AI itself
Can you design the lens?
So here we're going to use Ling's model first.
Call its end-to-end frame function
Upload a photo of the character first.
Then upload a photo of the environment.
Finally add the cue word
Parameters Check the sound option here.
After everything is ready
Just click to start creating.
While waiting
Cut to the model of Seedance2.0
Also uses its end-to-end frame function
Follow the steps just now
Upload the character map and environment map.
Cue words and parameters are also consistent
Then click Create directly.
So the two models are generated at the same time.
You only need to wait once to get two results.
Really friendly to me
Do you like listening to piano music?
I like to hear it.
I have a favorite tune
Would you like to listen?
Do you like listening to piano music?
I like it.
I have a favorite tune
Would you like to listen?
These two videos
Overall, it still feels pretty good to me.
First of all, realism, well done.
Especially the kind where the light hits the characters' faces
Light and shadow change
It looks natural.
Then look at the expression details and movement details of the characters
Especially the girl's eyes
Can clearly feel
It's kind of a shy expression of emotion.
Make the picture more immersive
Then next
Let's take a look
The capabilities of these two models in multilingual processing
Two models for Korean dialogue
Still sounds more natural
Phonetic rhythm and emotional expression are basically in place
It's pretty realistic to match the characters' expressions
But in the camera scheduling part
Seedance is clearly better
The mirror movement is smoother
The overall look will be more cinematic
The last thing I tested was commercial ad generation.
Bathe in the golden hour
cling a whisper of Parisian elegance
wrap yourself in Luxury with every breath
Bathe in the golden hour
cling a whisper of Parisian elegance
wrap yourself in luxury with every breath
This time, Keling's mirror movement performance is very good.
Lens propulsion and scene control are fairly stable
The overall scheduling looks very professional
Like a professional photographer
The feeling of fine shooting against the product
Okay, this comprehensive test comes down
From the perspective of creative stability lens understanding
The current Seedance2.0 is still slightly better
But in subtle expression control and realism
Keling is also very good
So the overall performance is good and bad
In terms of price
This 2026 Valentine's Day limited-time event
In fact, the discount is quite strong.
The platform launched
Up to about 70% off discount activities
Annual payment plans like LitVideo
About $7.50 a month after discount
Superimpose Valentine's Day activities
The price/performance ratio will be more cost-effective than usual.
All right.
But what I felt most about it was not the model.
It's about workflow.
Like the LitVideo I used this time.
One platform can generate videos
generate image
And you can switch between models at any time
It is really much more efficient to do content
So here's the problem.
If AI can really complete the storytelling automatically in the future
mirror editing
Even dubbing
The future video creators
Do you still need to cut the film yourself?
What do you think?
Leave a message in the comment area and tell me.
See you next time. Bye.